Fix broken links + remove alias links + remove we (#14839)
dotnet/docs: docs/desktop-wpf/migration/convert-project-from-net-framework.md

[!INCLUDE [desktop guide under construction](../../../includes/desktop-guide-preview-note.md)]

The steps used in this tutorial to migrate to .NET Core are:

01. Understand and update NuGet dependencies:

    01. Upgrade NuGet dependencies to use the `<PackageReference>` format.
    01. Review top-level NuGet dependencies for .NET Core or .NET Standard compatibility.
    01. Upgrade NuGet packages to newer versions, if needed.
    01. Use the [.NET Portability Analyzer](../../standard/analyzers/portability-analyzer.md) to understand .NET dependencies.

01. Migrate the project file to the new SDK-style format:

    01. Choose whether to target both .NET Core and .NET Framework, or only .NET Core.
    01. Copy relevant project file properties and items to the new project file.

01. Fix build issues:

    01. Add a reference to the [Microsoft.Windows.Compatibility](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Windows.Compatibility/) package.
    01. Find and fix API-level differences.
    01. Remove app.config sections other than appSettings or connectionStrings.
    01. Regenerate generated code, if needed.

01. Runtime testing:

    01. Confirm the ported app works as expected.

>     01. Beware of <xref:System.NotSupportedException> exceptions.

Reviewer: I think it will read better like this.

```suggestion
    01. Beware of <xref:System.NotSupportedException>s.
```

Author: This reads nicely in English but it doesn't translate well.

## About the sample

> This article references the [Bean Trader sample app](https://github.com/dotnet/windows-desktop/tree/master/Samples/BeanTrader) because it uses a variety of dependencies similar to those real-world WPF apps might have. The app isn't large but is meant to be a step up from 'Hello World' in terms of complexity. The app will demonstrate some issues users may encounter while porting real applications. The app communicates with a WCF service so, in order for it to run properly, so you'll also need to run the BeanTraderServer project (available in the same GitHub repository) and make sure the BeanTraderClient's configuration points at the correct endpoint (by default, the sample assumes the server is running on the same machine at `http://localhost:8090`, which will be true if you just launch **BeanTraderServer** locally).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article references the [Bean Trader sample app](https://github.com/dotnet/windows-desktop/tree/master/Samples/BeanTrader) because it uses a variety of dependencies similar to those real-world WPF apps might have. The app isn't large but is meant to be a step up from 'Hello World' in terms of complexity. The app will demonstrate some issues users may encounter while porting real applications. The app communicates with a WCF service so, in order for it to run properly, you'll also need to run the BeanTraderServer project (available in the same GitHub repository) and make sure the BeanTraderClient's configuration points at the correct endpoint (by default, the sample assumes the server is running on the same machine at `http://localhost:8090`, which will be true if you just launch **BeanTraderServer** locally).
```

Keep in mind that this sample app is meant to demonstrate .NET Core porting challenges and solutions. It's not meant to demonstrate WPF best practices. In fact, it deliberately includes some anti-patterns to make sure you come across at least a couple interesting challenges while porting.

## Getting ready

The primary challenge with migrating a .NET Framework app to .NET Core is that its dependencies may work differently, or not at all. Migration is much easier than it used to be; many NuGet packages now target .NET Standard. Starting with .NET Core 2.0, the .NET Framework and .NET Core surface areas have become similar. Even so, some differences (both in support from NuGet packages and in available .NET APIs) remain. The first step in migrating is to review the app's dependencies and make sure references are in a format that's easily migrated to .NET Core.

### Upgrade to `<PackageReference>` NuGet references

> Older .NET Framework projects typically list their NuGet dependencies in a packages.config file. The new SDK-style project file format references NuGet packages differently, though. It uses [`<PackageReference>`](/nuget/consume-packages/package-references-in-project-files) elements in the csproj file itself (rather than in a separate config file) to reference NuGet dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Older .NET Framework projects typically list their NuGet dependencies in a *packages.config* file. The new SDK-style project file format references NuGet packages differently, though. It uses [`<PackageReference>`](/nuget/consume-packages/package-references-in-project-files) elements in the *csproj* file itself (rather than in a separate config file) to reference NuGet dependencies.
```

When migrating, there are two advantages to using `<PackageReference>`-style references:

1. This is the style of NuGet reference that will be required for the new .NET Core project file. If you're already using `<PackageReference>`, those project file elements can be copied and pasted directly into the new project.

> 1. Unlike a packages.config file, `<PackageReference>` elements only refer to the top-level dependencies that your project depends on directly. All other transitive NuGet packages will be determined at restore time and recorded in the autogenerated obj\project.assets.json file. This makes it much easier to reason about what dependencies your project has, which is useful when determining whether the necessary dependencies will work on .NET Core or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Unlike a *packages.config* file, `<PackageReference>` elements only refer to the top-level dependencies that your project depends on directly. All other transitive NuGet packages will be determined at restore time and recorded in the autogenerated *obj\project.assets.json file*. This makes it much easier to reason about what dependencies your project has, which is useful when determining whether the necessary dependencies will work on .NET Core or not.
```

> So, the first step to migrating a .NET Framework app to .NET Core is to update it to use `<PackageReference>` NuGet references. Visual Studio [makes this simple](/nuget/reference/migrate-packages-config-to-package-reference). Just right-click on the project's packages.config file in Visual Studio's solution explorer and select 'Migrate packages.config to PackageReference'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, the first step to migrating a .NET Framework app to .NET Core is to update it to use `<PackageReference>` NuGet references. Visual Studio [makes this simple](/nuget/reference/migrate-packages-config-to-package-reference). Just right-click on the project's *packages.config* file in Visual Studio's solution explorer and select 'Migrate packages.config to PackageReference'.
```

Author: I've combined your suggestion with Ron's suggestion. Thanks!

![Upgrading to PackageReference](./media/convert-project-from-net-framework/package-reference-migration.png)

> A dialog will appear showing calculated top-level NuGet dependencies and asking which other NuGet packages should be promoted to top-level. None of these other packages need to be top-level for the Bean Trader sample, so you can uncheck all of those boxes. Then, click 'Ok' and the packages.config file will be removed and `<PackageReference>` elements will be added to the project file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dialog will appear showing calculated top-level NuGet dependencies and asking which other NuGet packages should be promoted to top-level. None of these other packages need to be top-level for the Bean Trader sample, so you can uncheck all of those boxes. Then, click 'Ok' and the *packages.config* file will be removed and `<PackageReference>` elements will be added to the project file.
```

Author: Same here.

If there are packages referenced that don't target .NET Core or .NET Standard, you'll have to think about other alternatives:

* Are there other similar packages that can be used instead? Sometimes NuGet authors publish separate '.Core' versions of their libraries specifically targeting .NET Core. Enterprise Library packages are an example of the community publishing ".NetCore" alternatives. In other cases, newer SDKs for a particular service (sometimes with different package names) are available for .NET Standard.
* If no alternatives are available, you can proceed using the .NET Framework-targeted packages, bearing in mind that you'll need to test them thoroughly once running on .NET Core.

The Bean Trader sample has the following top-level NuGet dependencies:

> * [**Castle.Windsor, version 4.1.1**](http://www.castleproject.org/projects/windsor/)  

Reviewer: Site supports https

```suggestion
* [**Castle.Windsor, version 4.1.1**](https://www.castleproject.org/projects/windsor/)  
```

So, the first step to migrating a .NET Framework app to .NET Core is to update it to use `<PackageReference>` NuGet references. Visual Studio [makes this simple](/nuget/reference/migrate-packages-config-to-package-reference). Just right-click on the project's packages.config file in Visual Studio's solution explorer and select 'Migrate packages.config to PackageReference'.

![Upgrading to PackageReference](./media/convert-project-from-net-framework/package-reference-migration.png)

A dialog will appear showing calculated top-level NuGet dependencies and asking which other NuGet packages should be promoted to top-level. None of these other packages need to be top-level for the Bean Trader sample, so you can uncheck all of those boxes. Then, click 'Ok' and the packages.config file will be removed and `<PackageReference>` elements will be added to the project file.

> `<PackageReference>`-style references don't store NuGet packages locally in a 'packages' folder (they're stored globally, instead, as an optimization) so, after the migration completes, you'll need to edit the csproj file and remove any `<Analyzer>` elements referring to the analyzers that previously came from the ..\packages directory. Don't worry - since you still have the NuGet package references, the analyzers will be included in the project. You just need to clean up the old packages.config-style `<Analyzer>` elements.

Author: I've added some further edits to your comment.

Once you understand the state of your project's NuGet dependencies, the next thing to consider is .NET Framework API dependencies. The [.NET Portability Analyzer](../../standard/analyzers/portability-analyzer.md) tool is useful for understanding which of the .NET APIs your project uses are available on other .NET platforms.

The tool comes as a [Visual Studio plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ConnieYau.NETPortabilityAnalyzer), a [command-line tool](https://github.com/Microsoft/dotnet-apiport/releases), or wrapped in a [simple GUI](https://github.com/Microsoft/dotnet-apiport-ui), which simplifies its options. You can read more about using the .NET Portability Analyzer (API Port) via the GUI in [this blog post](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/porting-desktop-apps-to-net-core/). If you prefer to use the command line, the necessary steps are:

1. Download the [.NET Portability Analyzer](https://github.com/Microsoft/dotnet-apiport/releases) if you don't already have it.
1. Make sure the .NET Framework app to be ported builds successfully (this is a good idea prior to migration anyhow!).
1. Run API Port with a command line like this:

>     1. `ApiPort.exe analyze -f <PathToBeanTraderBinaries> -r html -r excel -t ".NET Core"`

Author: adding a code block to your suggestion

These are unlikely to be blocking issues because WCF Client APIs are (mostly) supported on .NET Core, so there must be alternatives available for these central APIs. In fact, looking at `System.ServiceModel`'s .NET Core surface area (using <https://apisof.net>), you see that there are async alternatives in .NET Core instead.

Based on this report and the previous NuGet dependency analysis, it looks like there should be no major issues migrating the Bean Trader sample to .NET Core. You're ready for the next step in which you'll actually start the migration.

## Migrating the project file

If your app isn't using the new [SDK-style project file format](../../core/tools/csproj.md), you'll need a new project file to target .NET Core. You can replace the existing csproj file or, if you prefer to keep the existing project untouched in its current state, you can add a new csproj file targeting .NET Core. You can build versions of the app for .NET Framework and .NET Core with a single SDK-style project file with [multi-targeting][multitargeting] (specifying multiple `<TargetFrameworks>` targets).

> To create the new project file, you can create a new WPF project in Visual Studio or use the `dotnet new wpf` command in a temporary directory to generate the project file and then copy/rename it to the correct location. There is also a community-created tool [CsprojToVs2017] that can automate some of the project file migration. The tool is helpful but still needs a human to review the results to make sure all the details of the migration are correct. One particular area that the tool doesn't handle optimally is migrating NuGet packages from packages.config files. If the tool runs on a project file that still uses a packages.config file to reference NuGet packages, it will migrate to `<PackageReference>` elements automatically, but will add `<PackageReference>` elements for *all* of the packages instead of just for top-level ones. If you have already migrated to`<PackageReference>` elements with Visual Studio, though (as you've done in this sample), then the tool can help with the rest of the conversion. Like Scott Hanselman recommends in [his blog post on migrating csproj files](https://www.hanselman.com/blog/UpgradingAnExistingNETProjectFilesToTheLeanNewCSPROJFormatFromNETCore.aspx), porting by hand is educational and will give better results if you only have a few projects to port. But if you are porting dozens or hundreds of project files, then a tool like [CsprojToVs2017] can be a large help.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create the new project file, you can create a new WPF project in Visual Studio or use the `dotnet new wpf` command in a temporary directory to generate the project file and then copy/rename it to the correct location. There is also a community-created tool, [CsprojToVs2017](https://github.com/hvanbakel/CsprojToVs2017), that can automate some of the project file migration. The tool is helpful but still needs a human to review the results to make sure all the details of the migration are correct. One particular area that the tool doesn't handle optimally is migrating NuGet packages from packages.config files. If the tool runs on a project file that still uses a packages.config file to reference NuGet packages, it will migrate to `<PackageReference>` elements automatically, but will add `<PackageReference>` elements for *all* of the packages instead of just for top-level ones. If you have already migrated to`<PackageReference>` elements with Visual Studio, though (as you've done in this sample), then the tool can help with the rest of the conversion. Like Scott Hanselman recommends in [his blog post on migrating csproj files](https://www.hanselman.com/blog/UpgradingAnExistingNETProjectFilesToTheLeanNewCSPROJFormatFromNETCore.aspx), porting by hand is educational and will give better results if you only have a few projects to port. But if you are porting dozens or hundreds of project files, then a tool like [CsprojToVs2017] can be a large help.
```

* The `<RootNamespace>`, `<AssemblyName>`, and `<ApplicationIcon>` properties should all be copied.

* You also need to add a `<GenerateAssemblyInfo>false</GenerateAssemblyInfo>` property to the new project file since the Bean Trader sample includes assembly-level attributes (like `[AssemblyTitle]`) in an AssemblyInfo.cs file. By default, new SDK-style projects will autogenerate these attributes based on properties in the csproj file. Because you don't want that to happen in this case (the autogenerated attributes would conflict with those from AssemblyInfo.cs), you disable the autogenerated attributes with `<GenerateAssemblyInfo>`.

* Although *resx* files are automatically included as embedded resources, other `<Resource>` items like images are not. So, copy the `<Resource>` elements for embedding image and icon files. You can simplify the png references to a single line by using the new project file format's support for globbing patterns: `<Resource Include="**\*.png" />`.

> * Similarly, `<None>` items are included automatically, but they aren't be copied to the output directory, by default. Because the Bean Trader project includes a `<None>` item that *is* copied to the output directory (using `PreserveNewest` behaviors), you need to update the automatically populated `<None>` item for that file, like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Similarly, `<None>` items are included automatically, but they aren't copied to the output directory, by default. Because the Bean Trader project includes a `<None>` item that *is* copied to the output directory (using `PreserveNewest` behaviors), you need to update the automatically populated `<None>` item for that file, like this:
```

  ```xml
  <None Update="BeanTrader.pfx">
    <CopyToOutputDirectory>PreserveNewest</CopyToOutputDirectory>
  </None>
  ```

* The Bean Trader sample includes a XAML file (Default.Accent.xaml) as `Content` (rather than as a `Page`) because themes and accents defined in this file are loaded from the file's XAML at runtime, rather than being embedded in the app itself. The new project system automatically includes this file as a `<Page>`, though, since it's a XAML file. So, you need to both remove the XAML file as a page (`<Page Remove="**\Default.Accent.xaml" />`) and add it as content:

  ```xml
  <Content Include="Resources\Themes\Default.Accent.xaml">
      <CopyToOutputDirectory>PreserveNewest</CopyToOutputDirectory>
  </Content>
  ```

* Finally, add NuGet references by copying the `<ItemGroup>` with all the `<PackageReference>` elements. If you hadn't previously upgraded the NuGet packages to .NET Core-compatible versions, you could do that now that the package references are in a .NET Core-specific project.

> At this point, it should be possible to add the new project to the BeanTrader solution and open it in Visual Studio. The project should look correct in the solution explorer and `dotnet restore BeanTraderClient.Core.csproj` should successfully restore packages (with two expected warnings related to the MahApps.Metro version you're using targeting .NET Framework).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this point, it should be possible to add the new project to the BeanTrader solution and open it in Visual Studio. The project should look correct in the **Solution Explorer**, and `dotnet restore BeanTraderClient.Core.csproj` should successfully restore packages (with two expected warnings related to the MahApps.Metro version you're using targeting .NET Framework).
```

Although it's possible to keep both project files side-by-side (and may even be desirable if you want to keep building the old project exactly as it was), it complicates the migration process (the two projects will try to use the same bin and obj folders) and usually isn't necessary. If you want to build for both .NET Core and .NET Framework targets, you can replace the `<TargetFramework>netcoreapp3.0</TargetFramework>` property in the new project file with `<TargetFrameworks>netcoreapp3.0;net472</TargetFrameworks>` instead. For the Bean Trader sample, delete the old project file (*BeanTraderClient.csproj*) since it's no longer needed. If you prefer to keep both project files, that is ok, but be sure to have them build to different output and intermediate output paths.

## Fix build issues

> The third step of the porting process is getting the project to build. For some apps, they will already build successfully once the project file is converted to an SDK-style project. If that's the case for your app, congratulations! You can go on to step 4. Other apps will need some updates to get them building for .NET Core. If you try to run `dotnet build` on the Bean Trader sample project now, for example, (or build it in VS), there will be about 100 errors, but you'll get them fixed up quickly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The third step of the porting process is getting the project to build. Some apps will already build successfully once the project file is converted to an SDK-style project. If that's the case for your app, congratulations! You can go on to step 4. Other apps will need some updates to get them building for .NET Core. If you try to run `dotnet build` on the Bean Trader sample project now, for example, (or build it in VS), there will be about 100 errors, but you'll get them fixed quickly.
```

### System.ServiceModel references and Microsoft.Windows.Compatibility

A common source of errors is missing references for APIs that are available for .NET Core but not automatically included in the .NET Core App metapackage. To address this, you should reference the `Microsoft.Windows.Compatibility` package. The compatibility package includes a broad set of APIs that are common in Windows desktop apps such as WCF client, directory services, registry, configuration, ACLs APIs, and more.

> With the Bean Trader sample, the majority of the build errors are due to missing System.ServiceModel types. These could be addressed by referencing the necessary WCF NuGet packages. WCF client APIs are among those present in the `Microsoft.Windows.Compatibility` package, though, so referencing the compatibility package is an even better solution (since it also addresses any issues related to APIs besides the WCF ones that the compatibility package makes available). The `Microsoft.Windows.Compatibility` package helps in most .NET Core 3 WPF and WinForms porting scenarios. After adding the NuGet reference to Microsoft.Windows.Compatibility, only one build error remains!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the Bean Trader sample, the majority of the build errors are due to missing <xref:System.ServiceModel> types. These could be addressed by referencing the necessary WCF NuGet packages. WCF client APIs are among those present in the `Microsoft.Windows.Compatibility` package, though, so referencing the compatibility package is an even better solution (since it also addresses any issues related to APIs besides the WCF ones that the compatibility package makes available). The `Microsoft.Windows.Compatibility` package helps in most .NET Core 3 WPF and WinForms porting scenarios. After adding the NuGet reference to Microsoft.Windows.Compatibility, only one build error remains!
```

### Cleaning up unused files

One type of migration issue that may seem obvious but comes up often in practice is issues related to C# and XAML files that weren't previously included in the build getting picked up by the new SDK-style projects that include *all* source automatically.

> The next build error you see in the Bean Trader sample refers to a bad interface implementation in *OldUnusedViewModel.cs*. The file name is a hint, but on inspecting you find that, in fact, this source file is incorrect. It didn't cause issues previously because it wasn't included in the original .NET Framework project. Source files that were present on disk but not included in the old csproj get included automatically now.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The next build error you see in the Bean Trader sample refers to a bad interface implementation in *OldUnusedViewModel.cs*. The file name is a hint, but on inspecting you'll find that, in fact, this source file is incorrect. It didn't cause issues previously because it wasn't included in the original .NET Framework project. Source files that were present on disk but not included in the old csproj are included automatically now.
```

For one-off issues like this, it's easy to compare to the previous csproj to confirm that the file isn't needed and then either `<Compile Remove="" />` it or, if the source file isn't needed anywhere anymore, delete it. In this case, it's safe to just delete OldUnusedViewModel.cs.

If you have many source files that would need to be excluded this way, you can disable auto-inclusion of C# files by setting the `<EnableDefaultCompileItems>` property to false in the project file. Then, you can copy `<Compile Include>` items from the old project file to the new one in order to only build sources you intended to include. Similarly, `<EnableDefaultPageItems>` can be used to turn off auto-inclusion of XAML pages and `<EnableDefaultItems>` can control both with a single property.

### A brief aside on multi-pass compilers

> After removing the offending file from the Bean Trader sample, you can re-build and will get four errors. Didn't you use to have one? Why did the number of errors go up? The C# compiler is a [multi-pass compiler](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ericlippert/2010/02/04/how-many-passes/). This means that it goes through each source file twice. First the compiler just looks at metadata and declarations in each source file and identifies any declaration-level problems. Those are the errors you've fixed. Then, it goes through the code again to build the C# source into IL (those are this second set of errors that you're seeing now).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After removing the offending file from the Bean Trader sample, you can re-build and will get four errors. Didn't you have one before? Why did the number of errors go up? The C# compiler is a [multi-pass compiler](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ericlippert/2010/02/04/how-many-passes/). This means that it goes through each source file twice. First, the compiler just looks at metadata and declarations in each source file and identifies any declaration-level problems. Those are the errors you've fixed. Then it goes through the code again to build the C# source into IL; those are this second set of errors that you're seeing now.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > The C# compiler does more than just two passes (as explained in [Eric Lippert's blog on the topic](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ericlippert/2010/02/04/how-many-passes/)), but the end result is that compiler errors for large code changes like this tend to come in two waves.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> The C# compiler does [more than just two passes](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/ericlippert/2010/02/04/how-many-passes/)), but the end result is that compiler errors for large code changes like this tend to come in two waves.
```

### Third-party dependency fix-ups (Castle.Windsor)

Another class of issue that comes up in some migration scenarios is API differences between .NET Framework and .NET Core versions of dependencies. Even if a NuGet package targets both .NET Framework and .NET Standard or .NET Core, there may be different libraries for use with different .NET targets. This allows the packages to support many different .NET platforms, which may require different implementations. It also means that there may be small API differences in the libraries when targeting different .NET platforms.

> The next set of errors you see in the Bean Trader sample are related to `Castle.Windsor` APIs. The .NET Core Bean Trader project is using the same version of `Castle.Windsor` as the .NET Framework-targeted project (4.1.1), but the implementations for those two platforms are slightly different.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The next set of errors you'll see in the Bean Trader sample are related to `Castle.Windsor` APIs. The .NET Core Bean Trader project uses the same version of `Castle.Windsor` as the .NET Framework-targeted project (4.1.1), but the implementations for those two platforms are slightly different.
```

> In this case, you see the following issues that need fixed up:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this case, you see the following issues that need to be fixed:
```

> 1. `Castle.MicroKernel.Registration.Classes.FromThisAssembly` isn't available on .NET Core. There is, however, the similar API `Classes.FromAssemblyContaining` available, so we can replace both uses of `Classes.FromThisAssembly()` with calls to `Classes.FromAssemblyContaining(t)` where `t` is the type making the call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. `Castle.MicroKernel.Registration.Classes.FromThisAssembly` isn't available on .NET Core. There is, however, the similar API `Classes.FromAssemblyContaining` available, so we can replace both uses of `Classes.FromThisAssembly()` with calls to `Classes.FromAssemblyContaining(t)`, where `t` is the type making the call.
```

> To create a new project file for the Bean Trader sample, run `dotnet new wpf` in a temporary directory and move the generated *.csproj* file into the BeanTraderClient folder and rename it BeanTraderClient.Core.csproj.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new project file for the Bean Trader sample, run `dotnet new wpf` in a temporary directory and move the generated *.csproj* file into the *BeanTraderClient* folder and rename it *BeanTraderClient.Core.csproj*.
```

Because the new project file format automatically includes C# files, *resx* files, and XAML files that it finds in or under its directory, the project file is already almost complete! To finish the migration, open the old and new project files side-by-side and look through the old one to see if any information it contains needs to be migrated. In the Bean Trader sample case, the following items should be copied to the new project:

> * The `<RootNamespace>`, `<AssemblyName>`, and `<ApplicationIcon>` properties should all be copied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `<RootNamespace>`, `<AssemblyName>`, and `<ApplicationIcon>` properties should all be copied.
```

> * You also need to add a `<GenerateAssemblyInfo>false</GenerateAssemblyInfo>` property to the new project file since the Bean Trader sample includes assembly-level attributes (like `[AssemblyTitle]`) in an AssemblyInfo.cs file. By default, new SDK-style projects will autogenerate these attributes based on properties in the csproj file. Because you don't want that to happen in this case (the autogenerated attributes would conflict with those from AssemblyInfo.cs), you disable the autogenerated attributes with `<GenerateAssemblyInfo>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You also need to add a `<GenerateAssemblyInfo>false</GenerateAssemblyInfo>` property to the new project file since the Bean Trader sample includes assembly-level attributes (like `[AssemblyTitle]`) in an AssemblyInfo.cs file. By default, new SDK-style projects will autogenerate these attributes based on properties in the csproj file. Because you don't want that to happen in this case (the autogenerated attributes would conflict with those from AssemblyInfo.cs), you disable the autogenerated attributes with `<GenerateAssemblyInfo>`.
```

> * Although *resx* files are automatically included as embedded resources, other `<Resource>` items like images are not. So, copy the `<Resource>` elements for embedding image and icon files. You can simplify the png references to a single line by using the new project file format's support for globbing patterns: `<Resource Include="**\*.png" />`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Although *resx* files are automatically included as embedded resources, other `<Resource>` items like images are not. So, copy the `<Resource>` elements for embedding image and icon files. You can simplify the png references to a single line by using the new project file format's support for globbing patterns: `<Resource Include="**\*.png" />`.
```

* Similarly, `<None>` items are included automatically, but they aren't be copied to the output directory, by default. Because the Bean Trader project includes a `<None>` item that *is* copied to the output directory (using `PreserveNewest` behaviors), you need to update the automatically populated `<None>` item for that file, like this:

  ```xml
  <None Update="BeanTrader.pfx">
    <CopyToOutputDirectory>PreserveNewest</CopyToOutputDirectory>
  </None>
  ```

> * The Bean Trader sample includes a XAML file (Default.Accent.xaml) as `Content` (rather than as a `Page`) because themes and accents defined in this file are loaded from the file's XAML at runtime, rather than being embedded in the app itself. The new project system automatically includes this file as a `<Page>`, though, since it's a XAML file. So, you need to both remove the XAML file as a page (`<Page Remove="**\Default.Accent.xaml" />`) and add it as content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Bean Trader sample includes a XAML file (*Default.Accent.xaml*) as `Content` (rather than as a `Page`) because themes and accents defined in this file are loaded from the file's XAML at runtime, rather than being embedded in the app itself. The new project system automatically includes this file as a `<Page>`, though, since it's a XAML file. So, you need to both remove the XAML file as a page (`<Page Remove="**\Default.Accent.xaml" />`) and add it as content:
```

There are two ways to automatically generate .NET Standard-compatible WCF clients:

* The `dotnet-svcutil` tool is a .NET Core CLI tool that generates WCF clients similar to how Svcutil worked previously.

> * Visual Studio can generate WCF clients using the [WCF Web Service Reference](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/additional-tools/wcf-web-service-reference-guide) option of its Connected Services feature.

Author: ```suggestion
* Visual Studio can generate WCF clients using the [WCF Web Service Reference](../../core/additional-tools/wcf-web-service-reference-guide.md) option of its Connected Services feature.
```

01. Finally, you'll discover that there is an error in *BeanTraderServiceClientFactory.cs* because the available constructors for the `BeanTraderServiceClient` type have changed. It used to be possible to supply an `InstanceContext` argument (which was created using a `CallbackHandler` from the Castle.Windsor IoC container). The new constructors create new `CallbackHandler`s. There are, however, constructors in `BeanTraderServiceClient`'s base type that match what you want. Since the autogenerated WCF client code all exists in partial classes, you can easily extend it. To do this, create a new file called *BeanTraderServiceClient.cs* and create a partial class with that same name (using the **BeanTrader.Service** namespace). Then, add one constructor to the partial type as shown here:

    ```csharp
    public BeanTraderServiceClient(System.ServiceModel.InstanceContext callbackInstance) :
        base(callbackInstance, EndpointConfiguration.NetTcpBinding_BeanTraderService)
            { }
    ```

> With those changes made, the Bean Trader sample will now be using a new .NET Standard-compatible WCF client and you can make the final fix of changing the `Open` call in *TradingService.cs* to use `await OpenAsync`, instead. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With those changes made, the Bean Trader sample will now be using a new .NET Standard-compatible WCF client and you can make the final fix of changing the `Open` call in *TradingService.cs* to use `await OpenAsync` instead.
```

01. If on the other hand some code churn in the existing .NET Framework project is acceptable, you can remove *BeanTrader.cs* all together. Because the new WCF client is built for .NET Standard, it will work in both .NET Core and .NET Framework scenarios. If you are building for .NET Framework in addition to .NET Core (either by multi-targeting or by having two csproj files), you can use this new Reference.cs file for both targets. This approach has the advantage that the code won't need to bifurcate to support two different WCF clients - the same code will be used everywhere. The drawback, of course, is that it involves changing the (presumably stable) .NET Framework project.

In the case of the Bean Trader sample, you can make small changes to the original project if it makes migration easier, so follow these steps to reconcile WCF client usage:

> 01. Add the new Reference.cs file to the .NET Framework *BeanTraderClient.csproj* project using the 'Add existing item' context menu from the solution explorer. Be sure to add 'as link' so that the same file is used by both projects (as opposed to copying the C# file). If you are building for both .NET Core and .NET Framework with a single csproj (via multi-targeting) then, of course, this step isn't necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
01. Add the new *Reference.cs* file to the .NET Framework *BeanTraderClient.csproj* project using the 'Add existing item' context menu from the solution explorer. Be sure to add 'as link' so that the same file is used by both projects (as opposed to copying the C# file). If you are building for both .NET Core and .NET Framework with a single csproj (via multi-targeting) then, of course, this step isn't necessary.
```

01. Delete *BeanTrader.cs*.

> 01. The new WCF client is similar to the old one, but a number of namespaces in the generated code are different. Because of this, it is necessary to update the project so that WCF client types are used from **BeanTrader.Service** (or whatever namespace name you chose) instead of BeanTrader.Model or without a namespace. Building BeanTraderClient.Core.csproj will help to identify where these changes need to be made. Fixes will be needed both in C# and in XAML source files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
01. The new WCF client is similar to the old one, but a number of namespaces in the generated code are different. Because of this, it is necessary to update the project so that WCF client types are used from **BeanTrader.Service** (or whatever namespace name you chose) instead of BeanTrader.Model or without a namespace. Building *BeanTraderClient.Core.csproj* will help to identify where these changes need to be made. Fixes will be needed both in C# and in XAML source files.
```

System.PlatformNotSupportedException: 'Operation is not supported on this platform.'
```

> The unsupported API is `Func<T>.BeginInvoke`. As explained in [dotnet/corefx#5940](https://github.com/dotnet/corefx/issues/5940), .NET Core doesn't support the `BeginInvoke` and `EndInvoke` methods on delegate types due to underlying remoting dependencies. This issue (and its fix) is explained in more detail in a [blog post](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/migrating-delegate-begininvoke-calls-for-net-core/), but the gist is that `BeginInvoke` and `EndInvoke` calls should be replaced with `Task.Run` (or async alternatives, if possible). Applying the general solution here, the `BeginInvoke` call can be replaced with an `Invoke` call launched by `Task.Run`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The unsupported API is `Func<T>.BeginInvoke`. As explained in [dotnet/corefx#5940](https://github.com/dotnet/corefx/issues/5940), .NET Core doesn't support the `BeginInvoke` and `EndInvoke` methods on delegate types due to underlying remoting dependencies. This issue and its fix are explained in more detail in a [blog post](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/dotnet/migrating-delegate-begininvoke-calls-for-net-core/), but the gist is that `BeginInvoke` and `EndInvoke` calls should be replaced with `Task.Run` (or async alternatives, if possible). Applying the general solution here, the `BeginInvoke` call can be replaced with an `Invoke` call launched by `Task.Run`:
```
